fix typo (#1603)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/tutorials/kubernetes.md

```

#### 3. Use Azure StorageClasses to suit your needs

> We recommend using either Azure Disk or Azure Files for storage for your chain data
> using the CSI storage drivers (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/csi-storage-drivers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using either Azure Disk or Azure Files to store your chain data
using the [CSI storage drivers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/csi-storage-drivers).
```
